.TH NNF-SYSTEM 1 "2026-05-08" "nnf 0.1.0" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
nnf-system \- cluster-level administration for nnf
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B nnf system
.I action
.RI [ options ]

.PP
.B nnf system df
.RI [ NODE " ..." ]
.RI [ -v | --verbose ]

.PP
.B nnf system flowschema
.RI [ -c " NAME" | -l | -p | -s ]
.RI [ -v | --verbose ]

.PP
.B nnf system version
.RI [ -v | --verbose ]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B nnf system
provides cluster-level administration commands for NNF-related resources.

Based on the provided source, the registered system subcommands are:
.BR df ,
.BR flowschema ,
and
.BR version .

.SH ACTIONS
.SS df
Show disk space information for Rabbit nodes.

This command queries each Rabbit's node-manager pod in the
.B nnf-system
namespace, using the Redfish
.B /redfish/v1/StorageServices/NNF/CapacitySource
endpoint, and displays:
.IP \(bu 2
Allocated bytes
.IP \(bu 2
Consumed bytes
.IP \(bu 2
Guaranteed bytes
.IP \(bu 2
Provisioned bytes

If no nodes are specified, the command considers all DWS Storage resources and
queries only nodes that are in Enabled/Ready state. Nodes not in Enabled/Ready
state are skipped and reported afterward.

If nodes are explicitly named, a node that is not Enabled/Ready is treated as
an error.

.TP
.I NODE
Rabbit node names to query. If omitted, all Enabled/Ready Rabbits are queried.
.TP
.BR -v ", " --verbose
Enable verbose logging.

.SS flowschema
Display Kubernetes API Priority and Fairness FlowSchema information.

Exactly one of the following options is required:

.TP
.BI -c " NAME"
.TQ
.BI --activity " NAME"
View metrics activity for a specific FlowSchema.
.TP
.BR -l ", " --list
List FlowSchema resources.
.TP
.BR -p ", " --priority-levels
List PriorityLevelConfiguration resources.
.TP
.BR -s ", " --summary
Show the API server priority-level summary dump.
.TP
.BR -v ", " --verbose
Enable verbose logging.

The command discovers an available API version from the flowcontrol API group
and prefers
.BR v1 ,
then
.BR v1beta3 ,
then
.BR v1beta2 .

.SS version
Display version information for the NNF controller.

This command reads labels from the
.B nnf-controller-manager
Deployment in the
.B nnf-system
namespace and prints them as formatted JSON.

.TP
.BR -v ", " --verbose
Enable verbose logging.

.SH EXIT STATUS
.TP
.B 0
Success.
.TP
.B 1
Lookup failure, API failure, or command-specific error.

.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
Show capacity for all Enabled/Ready Rabbit nodes:
.B nnf system df

.TP
Show capacity for selected Rabbit nodes:
.B nnf system df rabbit-0 rabbit-1

.TP
List FlowSchemas:
.B nnf system flowschema --list

.TP
List priority level configurations:
.B nnf system flowschema --priority-levels

.TP
Show activity for a specific FlowSchema:
.B nnf system flowschema --activity catch-all

.TP
Show API priority and fairness summary:
.B nnf system flowschema --summary

.TP
Show NNF controller version labels:
.B nnf system version

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR nnf (1),
.BR nnf-persistent (1),
.BR nnf-rabbit (1),
.BR kubectl (1)

.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright 2026 Hewlett Packard Enterprise Development LP
.PP
Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0.
