.TH NNF 1 "2026-05-08" "nnf 0.1.0" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
nnf \- CLI tool for managing NNF and DWS resources
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B nnf
.RI [ --kubeconfig " FILE" ]
.RI [ -v | --verbose ]
.I command
.RI [ options ]

.PP
.B nnf persistent
.I action
.RI [ options ]

.PP
.B nnf rabbit
.I action
.RI [ options ]

.PP
.B nnf system
.I action
.RI [ options ]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B nnf
is a command-line tool for managing Near Node Flash, NNF, and Data Workflow
Services, DWS, resources in a Kubernetes cluster.

It loads Kubernetes configuration from the path given by
.BR --kubeconfig .
If that option is omitted, it uses normal kubeconfig resolution, such as
.BR KUBECONFIG
or
.BR ~/.kube/config ,
and falls back to in-cluster configuration when available.

Subcommands are organized into functional groups:
.TP
.B persistent
Manage DWS PersistentStorageInstance resources.
.TP
.B rabbit
Manage Rabbit node state.
.TP
.B system
Perform cluster-level administration tasks.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BI --kubeconfig " FILE"
Optional path to a kubeconfig file.
.TP
.BR -v ", " --verbose
Enable verbose logging.

.SH COMMANDS
.TP
.B persistent
Manage persistent storage instances.
See
.BR nnf-persistent (1).
.TP
.B rabbit
Manage Rabbit node state.
See
.BR nnf-rabbit (1).
.TP
.B system
Cluster-level administration.
See
.BR nnf-system (1).

.SH EXIT STATUS
.TP
.B 0
Success.
.TP
.B 1
Validation failure, lookup/update failure, or partial failure for multi-node
operations.
.TP
.B 2
Workflow-related failure, or failure to load Kubernetes configuration.

.SH FILES
.TP
.I ~/.kube/config
Default kubeconfig path, if
.B --kubeconfig
and
.B KUBECONFIG
are not set.

.SH ENVIRONMENT
.TP
.B KUBECONFIG
Standard Kubernetes client environment variable for kubeconfig resolution.

.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
Create a persistent storage instance:
.B nnf persistent create --name my-psi --fs-type xfs --capacity 1GiB --rabbits rabbit-0

.TP
Drain a Rabbit node:
.B nnf rabbit drain rabbit-0

.TP
Show Rabbit disk space information:
.B nnf system df

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR nnf-persistent (1),
.BR nnf-rabbit (1),
.BR nnf-system (1),
.BR kubectl (1)

.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright 2026 Hewlett Packard Enterprise Development LP
.PP
Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0.
